We have seen quantify us in a simple way, but sometimes qualifiers can be greedy like few greedy people
to see the greediness.
We will begin with a small example.
Imagine that I want to display a string with codes.
Let's check the code.
I'll declare a variable.
Let str is equal to.
JavaScript.
S6 and S7 is not new anymore.
Here I am trying to show both S6 and S7 with single coats.
Let's run the code.
So the output shows two values in the string, which are included in single codes.
Now assume that we want to get all the words covered in codes.
So the pattern for that you can think can be single code.
Then one or more characters that is dot and plus, and then a single code at the end.
Let's use the match method and try it.
Practically.
I'll define the pattern here.
Let pattern is equal to single code dot plus a code.
And of course we need the global modifier.
Let's run the code.
As you can see in the output, instead of returning S6 and S7 as two different values, it has returned
only one value that is is six and is seven, including the world end in the result.
So what has happened here?
The search starts with the zero eight position.
Now, when it finds the first single code, then the first condition is matched and it has to find the
end single code.
So it includes all the values till the very last single code is found.
It means the plus.
Quantifier is greedy to include everything unless it finds the last single code.
In such a case, it includes E as six, space, E as seven, and then it finds the last single code.
In fact, the search will go till the last character.
But the one found as the last is the end of search pattern.
Because there are no more codes, does it returns the single value and we do not get our desired output.
This is called the greedy nature of the quantifier.
And to avoid this, you just have to put a question mark after the plus quantifier to notify that don't
be greedy, be happy with the immediate character you found in the result.
And we will begin the new search next time we find a similar pattern.
So let's put a question mark after the quantifier and see the output.
Now you see that we get two values as a result here.
Also, it starts from first position and the search proceeds.
But as soon as it finds the next single code, the value is returned as a first result.
Then it proceeds further with the string and returns the second value in a similar way.
The use of question mark makes quantifier lazy, so it is called lazy quantifier.
So this is the difference between greedy and lazy or non greedy quantifier.